Defining Master item organization
- use it to define items
- one per implementation

item attributes have two levels  
- Master level
- organization level

-> you define the item using the Master org, then assign it to other organizations,
then change the attributes that is different to that organization on the organization level

-> you can change the control level of some attributes in special cases, or in certain circumstances


item status (how it works ????????????????????????) P13
- setup -> items -> status codes
-> Item Status Control differs from material status control. Item
status control controls the action you can perform on an item, such as
purchasing or stocking an item. Material Status controls the
transactions you can perform on an item.

-> When you set an item defining attribute to Yesthe item is automatically assigned to the
default category set of the corresponding functional area. For example, if you set
Inventory Item to Yes the item is automatically assigned to the default category set for
the Inventory functional area.

Relationships Between Attributes P14
When you define items, Oracle Inventory enforces particular relationships between
some of the item attributes:
- Required attributes: You must enter a value for the attribute based on the settings
for other related attributes.
- Interdependent attributes: You can enter only certain values depending on other
attribute values.
- Updatable attributes: You can update values under certain conditions.
- Control level dependencies: You can update the control level of some attributes
only under special conditions and with certain consequences.

Defining Item Attribute Controls
- you can change whether the attribute is controlled on master level or organization level
- setup -> items -> attribute controls


define item

assign to organizations

assign to sub-inventory

search for an item 

delete item

revision control


costing: average, standard, ......


Container type ????????????



pending status
- Master items -> tools -> pending status
- items -> pending status (reports)


Picking rules

item types

item template

cross-reference types?
Commodity Codes?
customer items?

Categories
A category is a logical classification of items that have similar characteristics.
default category set
assign items to Categories
assign people to categories

item catalog
descriptive elements

aliases